this is John Mendez with expert village
I'm going to mix the resin and the
hardener for the enamel for the frame
and like I said before the enamel is
when you mix a resin and a hardener plus
a pigment and then you bake it then it
becomes an enamel and to get equal parts
sometimes you can pour them out by sight
or by measuring cup but I like to use
eyedroppers this way you're not using
too much because whatever you don't use
is gonna cure and then you've wasted
product so it's all about keeping your
costs down so what I do is I take the
eye dropper and I fill one up try to get
as much excess off of off of it as
possible
and this one is our hardener so it
doesn't matter which one you start with
and I just drop in as many drops as I
want
we'll go with four
and you want to keep this in the
hardener because if you use the other
one the resin with it in the same
eyedropper they'll fuse together it'll
just Columbo because it'll start to cure
right away so you can use a new
eyedropper for the resin and we'll get
four drops out of that and you'll have
an equal part
and you'll want to mix that I use a
wooden stick
and just mix that up like that
and there you have your resin and
hardener